Onboard Jekyll to image build (#929)
microsoft/vscode-dev-containers: containers/jekyll/README.md

| *Container host OS support* | Linux, macOS, Windows |
| *Container OS* | Debian |
| *Languages, platforms* | Ruby, Jekyll |

See **[history](history)** for information on the contents of published images.

## Using this definition

In addition to Ruby and Bundler, this development container installs Jekyll and the required tools at startup:

- If your Jekyll project contains a `Gemfile` in the root folder, the development container will install all gems at startup by running `bundle install`. This is the [recommended](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/step-by-step/10-deployment/#gemfile) approach as it allows you to specify the exact Jekyll version your project requires and list all additional Jekyll plugins.
- If there's no `Gemfile`, the development container will install Jekyll automatically, picking the latest version. You might need to manually install the other dependencies your project relies on, including all relevant Jekyll plugins.

You can decide how often you want updates by referencing a [semantic version](https://semver.org/) of each image. For example:

- `mcr.microsoft.com/vscode/devcontainers/jekyll:0`
- `mcr.microsoft.com/vscode/devcontainers/jekyll:0.0`

> - `mcr.microsoft.com/vscode/devcontainers/jekyll:0.0.1`

Reviewer: How do you intend to version the Jekyll container? Since it's not presently tied to a Jekyll or GitHub Pages version, and because the post-install script will still run `bundle install`, it may not need to be versioned at all.

Author: Yeah this versioning is for the image contents. But if we don't have a reason to release, we wouldn't bump the version number up.

At a minimum, there's monthly OS patching, so we'd update roughly once a month and that would get the latest of everything. That just increments the last digit (since we use semver). We do the same thing for all images in the repo. [This is explained here](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-dev-containers/issues/532).

The other thing this does is future proof for when/if we need to make breaking changes.

> See [history](history) for information on the contents of each version and [here for a complete list of available tags](https://mcr.microsoft.com/v2/vscode/devcontainers/ruby/tags/list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [history](history) for information on the contents of each version and [here for a complete list of available tags](https://mcr.microsoft.com/v2/vscode/devcontainers/jekyll/tags/list).
```

Should the links be updated to point to the Jekyll dev container?

Alternatively, you can use the contents of `base.Dockerfile` to fully customize your container's contents or to build it for a container host architecture not supported by the image.

### Installing Node.js

> Given JavaScript front-end web client code written for use in conjunction with a PHP back-end often requires the use of Node.js-based utilities to build, this container also includes `nvm` so that you can easily install Node.js. You can change the version of Node.js installed or disable its installation by updating the `args` property in `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given JavaScript front-end web client code written for use in conjunction with a Jekyll site often requires the use of Node.js-based utilities to build, this container also includes `nvm` so that you can easily install Node.js. You can change the version of Node.js installed or disable its installation by updating the `args` property in `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json`.
```
